chore: primary constructor explanation (#5634)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/tour/kotlin-tour-classes.md

data class User(val name: String, val id: Int)
```

The Kotlin compiler only uses the properties defined inside the [primary constructor](classes.md#primary-constructor)

> when generating member functions. If you declare properties in the data class body, they won't be included in the output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when generating member functions. If you declare properties in the data class body, they aren't included in the output
```
Changing from future to present tense.
